README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ayan</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate amateur Physicist from India.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayans13&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ayans13" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ayans13" alt="ayans13" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 Most recently I worked on **Simulation of image motion due to turbulence of atmosphere and extracting turbulence characteristics/profiles using Shack-Hartmann based Wavefront sensors**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **computational modelling of optical instruments and astronomical data analysis**

- 📫 How to reach me **30082002ayan@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/ayan-sahoo-9ab404213" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="ayan-sahoo-9ab404213" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ayans13&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="ayans13" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ayans13&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="ayans13" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ayans13&" alt="ayans13" /></p>

Commit message:

Update project description in README.md
Expanded project description to include hardware control and real-time data analysis.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Ayan</h1>
<h3 align="center">A passionate amateur Physicist from India.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=ayans13&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="ayans13" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ayans13" alt="ayans13" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 Most recently I worked on **Simulation of image motion due to turbulence of atmosphere and extracting turbulence characteristics/profiles using Shack-Hartmann based Wavefront sensors and developed code to control hardware components of the instrument and analyze data in real time.**

- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **computational modelling of optical instruments and astronomical data analysis**

- 📫 How to reach me **30082002ayan@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/ayan-sahoo-9ab404213" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="ayan-sahoo-9ab404213" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mathworks.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" alt="matlab" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://pandas.pydata.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/2ae2a900d2f041da66e950e4d48052658d850630/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=ayans13&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="ayans13" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ayans13&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="ayans13" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=ayans13&" alt="ayans13" /></p>
